you
hi I'm Peggy Tucker and I am a master
sugar artist and I'd like to show you
today how easy it is to use cake plays
eisah melt sticks for a quick pour we're
simply going to take the sticks break
them up put them into a microwave
container and then pop them into the
microwave your microwave and my
microwave are going to vary because of
the difference in temps this one's here
I'm going to set it 60 seconds yours
might have to be higher or lower
depending on your wattage so while
that's heating I'm going to get ready
and start preparing an orange because I
want to kind of do a double pour into my
little fishies here and put that all
together back in there and I'm actually
going to be pouring into these fish
molds I have two of them here different
sizes so you can see when this comes out
that it's very bubbly and I'm just going
to stick this one in here so it can be
warming up for me while that one is
there
and you can see the bubbles we just want
to wait for them to dissipate in there
don't try to hurry them along by tapping
it you'll note that I have gloves on we
always want to wear gloves to protect
our hands and my favorite tool is
toothpicks
great thing to play with so simple
enough it's got a nice handle got a nice
pour and I'm just simply going to start
to pour nice and easy don't want to do a
fast pour that only adds more bubbles as
we fill it just gonna fill it so far I'm
gonna get my trusty little tool here my
toothpick and I'm gonna move it into the
little crevices all the little corners
to complete the fish now if you have
surface bubbles that around there
handy-dandy little torch everybody loves
it
it's a creme brulee and it works really
well and it works just that fast in
order to get rid of those little bubbles
that are up on top there orange is now
done well no not quite that was in there
for 40 seconds so we're just gonna give
it another 40 seconds then go from there
so I'm gonna go ahead and start pouring
this one trying to keep it just where I
wanted into the deeper sections and you
can see this is as easy as this is there
is nothing difficult with this it keeps
the sugar away from your hands really
well
and he's just gonna sit there while I
wait on that orange and as soon as the
orange is done I'm gonna go ahead and
pour it in and then I'm going to swirl
it let's give that a check that one's
done nice and bubbly
set it down gonna do the whole weight
process again it's probably the thing
that is the longest to do with what
you're working with ice melt is that
wait process because we all kind of want
to go military hurry hurry but I can
assure you that fast
and whether it's sugar ice a melt
anything hot does not go well together
you want to kind of keep fast and sugar
separated so we're just gonna wait on
that this little guy over here if I turn
him I can still see that he's kind of
got a little bit of movement in his
Center so I know he's not ready to pop
out yet bubbles of dissipating and I'm
gonna go ahead and do a pour right on
over that yellow just a little couple of
drops into the smaller areas this is a
fairly deep mold too so we'll set that
over there once again just use your
toothpick to move the ice a melt into
the corners rather than trying to
overfill to get them in there and then
I'm gonna come in here and just do this
little swirl down inside there and
that's all there is to a pour
so once you have completed your poor and
they have fully cooled you can now pop
them out of the molds just like that and
then get ready to attach it to your
project mine is an underwater sea and so
I'm just going to take and dip the
bottom section of it into the hot ice a
melt and I'm going to bring it around
and attach it
to my cake that's kind of where I wanted
to go and this is being attached
directly on to the fondant just that
simple
you know I'm pop the second one and kind
of figure out where I might want his
home and I think I'd like him to come
all the way down so once again I'm just
going to dip and I'm going to bring him
down right off of this piece of coral
here and have him stand away just a
little bit and he's still a little soft
so I can actually move his little fins
which is great give him a little life
perfect and that's all there is to
attaching ice and melt to your cakes
you